README.md, before:

# Material Symbols

Latest variable icon fonts and optimized SVGs for Material Symbols.

This monorepo is used for publishing Material Symbols in the following formats:

Package | Description
:--- | :---
[`material-symbols`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/material-symbols#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts and CSS for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/font-100`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/font/100#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts with weight 100 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/font-200`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/font/200#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts with weight 200 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/font-300`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/font/300#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts with weight 300 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/font-400`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/font/400#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts with weight 400 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/font-500`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/font/500#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts with weight 500 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/font-600`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/font/600#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts with weight 600 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/font-700`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/font/700#readme) | Latest variable icon fonts with weight 700 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/svg-100`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/svg/100#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 100 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/svg-200`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/svg/200#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 200 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/svg-300`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/svg/300#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 300 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/svg-400`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/svg/400#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 400 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/svg-500`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/svg/500#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 500 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/svg-600`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/svg/600#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 600 for Material Symbols.
[`@material-symbols/svg-700`](https://github.com/marella/material-symbols/tree/main/svg/700#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 700 for Material Symbols.

All packages are automatically updated and published using GitHub Actions, so they will always have the latest icons from Google.

Commit message:

Generate React components, add different optical sizes (#1)

README.md, after:

# Material Symbols

Latest variable icon fonts and optimized SVGs for Material Symbols.

This monorepo is used for publishing Material Symbols in the following formats:

Package | Description
:--- | :---
[`@wirechunk/material-symbols-react-200`](https://github.com/wirechunk/material-symbols-react/tree/main/svg/200#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 200 for Material Symbols.
[`@wirechunk/material-symbols-react-300`](https://github.com/wirechunk/material-symbols-react/tree/main/svg/300#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 300 for Material Symbols.
[`@wirechunk/material-symbols-react-400`](https://github.com/wirechunk/material-symbols-react/tree/main/svg/400#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 400 for Material Symbols.
[`@wirechunk/material-symbols-react-500`](https://github.com/wirechunk/material-symbols-react/tree/main/svg/500#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 500 for Material Symbols.
[`@wirechunk/material-symbols-react-600`](https://github.com/wirechunk/material-symbols-react/tree/main/svg/600#readme) | Latest optimized SVGs with weight 600 for Material Symbols.

All packages are automatically updated and published using GitHub Actions, so they will always have the latest icons from Google.
